Update K8s UDS Instructions and general cleanup (#12312)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/apm.md

          ports:
            - containerPort: 8126
              hostPort: 8126
              name: traceport
              protocol: TCP
      # (...)
    ```

- **If using an old agent version (7.17 or lower)**, in addition to the steps above, set the `DD_APM_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC` and `DD_APM_ENABLED` variable to `true` in your `env` section of the `datadog.yaml` trace Agent manifest:

  ```yaml
    # (...)
    containers:
      - name: trace-agent
        # (...)
        env:
          - name: DD_APM_ENABLED
            value: 'true'
          - name: DD_APM_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC
            value: "true"
          # (...)
  ```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "DaemonSet (UDS)" %}}

To enable APM trace collection, open the DaemonSet configuration file and edit the following:

  ```yaml
    # (...)
    containers:
    - name: trace-agent
      # (...)
      env:
      - name: DD_APM_ENABLED
        value: "true"
      - name: DD_APM_RECEIVER_SOCKET
        value: "/var/run/datadog/apm.socket"
    # (...)
      volumeMounts:
      - name: apmsocket
        mountPath: /var/run/datadog/
    volumes:
    - hostPath:
        path: /var/run/datadog/
        type: DirectoryOrCreate
    # (...)
  ```

> This configuration creates a directory on the host and mounts it within the Agent. The Agent then creates and listens on a socket file in that directory with the `DD_APM_RECEIVER_SOCKET` value of `/var/run/datadog/apm.socket`. The Application pods can then similarly mount this volume and write to this same socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration creates a directory on the host and mounts it within the Agent. The Agent then creates and listens on a socket file in that directory with the `DD_APM_RECEIVER_SOCKET` value of `/var/run/datadog/apm.socket`. The application pods can then similarly mount this volume and write to this same socket.
```

$ kubectl apply -n $DD_NAMESPACE -f datadog-agent.yaml
```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/blob/main/examples/datadogagent/datadog-agent-unix-socket.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

**Note**: On minikube, you may receive an `Unable to detect the kubelet URL automatically` error. In this case, set `DD_KUBELET_TLS_VERIFY=false`.

### Configure your application pods in order to communicate with the Datadog Agent

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "IP:Port" %}}

> If you are sending traces to the Agent by using (`<IP_ADDRESS>:8126`) you will supply this IP Address to your application pods either automatically with the [Datadog Admission Controller][1] or manually using the downward API to pull the host IP. The application container needs the `DD_AGENT_HOST` environment variable that points to `status.hostIP`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are sending traces to the Agent by using (`<IP_ADDRESS>:8126`) supply this IP address to your application pods—either automatically with the [Datadog Admission Controller][1], or manually using the downward API to pull the host IP. The application container needs the `DD_AGENT_HOST` environment variable that points to `status.hostIP`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
#(...)
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: "<CONTAINER_NAME>"
        image: "<CONTAINER_IMAGE>/<TAG>"
        env:
          - name: DD_AGENT_HOST
            valueFrom:
              fieldRef:
                fieldPath: status.hostIP
```

[1]: /agent/cluster_agent/admission_controller/
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "UDS" %}}
If you are sending traces to the Agent by using Unix Domain Socket (UDS), mount the host directory the socket is in (that the Agent created) to the application container and specify the path to the socket with `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
#(...)
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: "<CONTAINER_NAME>"
        image: "<CONTAINER_IMAGE>/<TAG>"
        env:
        - name: DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL
          value: 'unix:///var/run/datadog/apm.socket'
        volumeMounts:
        - name: apmsocketpath
          mountPath: /var/run/datadog
        #(...)
      volumes:
        - hostPath:
            path: /var/run/datadog/
          name: apmsocketpath
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Configure your application tracers to emit traces:

> After configuring your Datadog Agent to collect traces and giving your Application Pods the configuration on *where* to send Traces, you will need to install the Datadog Tracer into your applications in order to emit the traces. Once this is done the Tracer should automatically send the traces to the relative `DD_AGENT_HOST` (for `IP:Port`) or `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` (for UDS) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After configuring your Datadog Agent to collect traces and giving your application pods the configuration on *where* to send traces, install the Datadog Tracer into your applications to emit the traces. Once this is done, the tracer automatically sends the traces to the relative `DD_AGENT_HOST` (for `IP:Port`) or `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL` (for UDS) endpoint.
```

Refer to the [language-specific APM instrumentation docs][1] for more examples.

> **Note:** The .NET and PHP Tracers do not currently support sending traces over Unix Domain Socket (UDS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The .NET and PHP tracers do not support sending traces over Unix Domain Socket (UDS).
```
